# spidey-sense
Simplilearn Data Science Masters Projects, and general experimentation of ML models on Kaggle/public data sets

Project 1: Diabetes Prediction (Supervised Classification) - 
This dataset is originally from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. 
The objective of the dataset is to diagnostically predict whether or not a patient has diabetes, based on certain diagnostic measurements included in the dataset. 
Several constraints were placed on the selection of these instances from a larger database. In particular, all patients here are females at least 21 years old of 
Pima Indian heritage

Project 2: Song popularity prediction (Supervised Classification) - 
Predict the popularity of a song given features like acousticness, danceability, key, loudness, etc. Random Forest, XGBoost and KNN model were used.

Project 3: Mixed Marketing Model(MMM) using OLS model, contains prediction using AutoML library PyCaret.

Project 4: Using OpenCV Haar Cascades to detect face and license/number plates. Haar cascade classifier in OpenCV repository can perform face, eye and number plate detection using a pre-trained Haar cascade. There are several pre-trained Haar Cascades available under OpenCV.

Project 5: RFM model based customer clustering (Unsupervised) - 
Perform customer segmentation using RFM analysis. The resulting segments can be ordered from most valuable (highest recency, frequency, and value) 
to least valuable (lowest recency, frequency, and value). Identifying the most valuable RFM segments can capitalize on chance relationships in the data used for this analysis

Project 6: Income Qualification (Supervised Classification) - 
Identify the level of income qualification needed for the families in Latin America. The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) believes that 
new methods beyond traditional econometrics, based on a dataset of Costa Rican household characteristics, might help improve PMT’s performance.

Project 7: (Unsupervised) A banking institution, ran a marketing campaign to convince potential customers to invest in a bank term deposit scheme. The marketing campaigns were based on phone calls. Often, the same customer was contacted more than once through phone, in order to assess if they would want to subscribe to the bank term deposit or not. Perform the marketing analysis of the data generated by this campaign, and cluster customers based on age category.
